"Roth, Book IV of the Faithful and the Fallen" by John Gwynne, read by Damien Lynch
"Roth and Vengeance Poured" John Milton, Paradise Lost
Chapter 1 "Veritus"
The year 1144 of the Age of Exiles, Hound Moon
Veridis fell through the night air, weightless.
He caught glimpses of the Tower of Brickhan, Calidus's still smoldering outline at the window, then below, the river coming up to meet him.
He slammed into the water, the cold shocking the breath out of him.
He panicked, disorientated, realizing he didn't know which way was up.
All about him was darkness and ice.
Then something grabbed his hair, and he was surging upwards, breaking through the water in a burst of spray,